And that's it for this module.
In this module, we learned
that custom actions can help you simplify workflows
and can help you avoid repeated steps.
You can also implement logic that solves a problem
that's currently not solved
by any publicly available action
because, of course,
you did learn that there is this marketplace
with plenty of actions that you can use just like that,
but you can also build your own actions.
And, of course, if you're solving a specific problem
that might affect others as well.
You can also share actions with the community
and develop actions as open source projects potentially.
Now, when it comes to creating actions
there are three types of actions you can create
and the first type you learned about are composite actions.
Composite actions are basically actions
that combine multiple steps
that you could also define like this in a workflow.
So you could also say
that composite actions are kind of workflow excerpts.
You can use actions while the users key and commands via run
just as needed
and simply build reusable step groups
that you can then use anywhere
in your workflow definition files.
Besides composite actions,
you also have JavaScript and Docker actions,
and with JavaScript actions,
you can implement any logic you want with JavaScript
and the Node.js runtime
and this special actions toolkit package provided by GitHub,
which gives you various objects
and helper functions for accessing inputs and so on.
Alternatively, if you don't know JavaScript,
or if you want to use a different language,
or if you need more control over the execution environment,
you can build a docker action
where you define the environment with help of a docker file
and where a container will be created
based on that file for you.
And either way,
you can, of course,
work with inputs, set outputs,
and perform any logic you want
as shown in this course section here.